
1) What are the key components of AWS?

Answer:
 1) AWS EC2 instance (Elastic Compute Cloud)
    Web service that provides virtual servers known as instances
    It allows you to easily create and manage virtual machines to run your application


 2) Amazon S3 : (Simple storage service)
    S3 is scalable storage service that enables you to store and retrieve data such
    as files, images, videos and provides high durability and availability and security
    for your stored objects

 3) Amazon RDS : (Relational Database Service)
    RDS  is the managed database service that simplifies the setup, scaling and operations
    of relational databases like Mysql, Postgresql etc

 4) Amazon VPC : (Virtual Private Cloud)
    VPC allows you to create a private network within the AWS cloud
    VPC provides isolation and security for your resources and enable you to define
    subnet, configure routing and control network access using security groups and network ACLs

 5) Amazon IAM ( Identity and Access Management)
    IAM is a service that helps you to manage access to AWS resources securely
    It allows you to create and manage users groups and roles and
    assign fine-grained permissions to control who can access which
    resource.

 6) AWS Lambada: Lambada is server less computing service that enables you to run code without
    managing servers. We can upload the code and aws lambada automatically
    handles the infrastructure and scales it based on incoming request

 7) Amazon SNS (Simple Notification Service) :
    SNS is the messaging service that allows you to send notifications and messages
     to subscribe endpoints or clients. It support various delivery protocol
     including email, SMS, Mobile push notifications

 8) Amazon Cloudwatch : Cloudwatch is a monitoring and observation
    of service which provides insights into your AWS resources and applications
    It collects and tracks the metrics, monitor logs files


2) What is EC2 ? (Elastic Compute Cloud)

Answer: EC2 is elastic compute cloud service which provided by AWS which
        lets you rent virtual computers in the cloud


3) What is AMI ? (Amazon Machine Image)

Answer:  AMI Stands for Amazon Machine Image. It is virtual image used
         to create a virtual machine within an EC2 instance
         AMI is like a snapshot or template of virtual server
         It include all the information about the application, operating system
         and configuration
         So we can use AMI to create and launch new Ec2 instances in cloud with the same setup
         as the original snapshot
         It is convenient way to replicate and share a pre-configured
         environment.

4) Can AMI be shared?

Answer:

5) Are AMI created Automatically?

Answer : No, when launch EC2 instance we use pre-configured AMI
         which is existing one (Pre-Configured image is maintained by AWS)

6) What is Elastic IP?


7) How many Elastic IP we can create?

Answer: 5 elastic IP address

8) Difference b/w Stopping and Terminating the EC2 instance?

Answer:

9) What are key-pairs?

Answer:


10) What is S3 and What are its use cases?

Answer:

11) When do use S3? Why it is used in project?

Answer:

12) What are storage classes available in Amazon S3?

Answer:

13) What is default storage class in s3?

Answer: Standard Frequently Accessed.

14) How many buckets can be created in S3?

Answer: By default you can create up to 100 buckets

15) What is minimum and maximum size that can be store in s3?

Answer: The minimum size of an object that you can store in s3
        is 0 bytes and maximum size of an object that you can store
        in s3 is 5 TB